Fixes gh-1754 Change a warning re calling certain Lua functions from SQL (#1952)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_sql/sql_plus_lua.rst

For example this will return FALSE because Lua nil and box.NULL are the same as SQL NULL: |br|
``box.execute([[SELECT lua('return box.NULL') IS NOT NULL;]])``

Warning: the SQL statement should not invoke a Lua function, or execute a Lua chunk,
that accesses a space that underlies any SQL table that the SQL statement accesses.
For example, if function ``f()`` contains a request ``"box.space.TEST:insert{0}"``,
then the SQL statement ``"SELECT f() FROM test;"`` will try to access the same space in two ways.

> For Tarantool version 2.6 or earlier the results of such conflict may include a hang or an infinite loop.

Reviewer: Is it 2.6.1 or 2.6.2 we're speaking about?

> For Tarantool verrsion 2.7 or later the results may be correct but are not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Tarantool version :doc:`2.7.1 </release/2.7.1>` or later the results may be correct but are not guaranteed.
```
